--- page 43 ---
The Retention Requirements impose a direct obligation on the originator, sponsor or original lender of a 
securitisation to retain on an ongoing basi s a material net economic interest in the securitisation of not 
less than five per cent. 
With respect to the commitment of the Retention Holder under the Risk Retention Letter to retain a 
material net economic interest in the securitisation, please see the  statements set out in "The Retention 
Holder and the Securitisation Regulations" below. 
A failure by the Retention Holder to comply with the EU Retenti on Requirement may result in 
administrative and/or criminal penalties being imposed on the Retention Holder including, in the case of 
a legal person, pecuniary sanctions of at least EUR 5,000,000 (or its equivalent) or of up to 10  per cent. 
of total annual net turnover. Similarly, a failure by the Retention Holder to comply with the UK Retention 
Requirement may result in administrative penalties being imposed on the Retention Holder. Any 
penalties imposed on the Retention Holder may materially adversely aff ect its ability to perform its 
obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
Any costs incurred by any Person (including the Investment Manager) in connection with the satisfaction 
of the Retention Requirements shall be paid as an Administrative Expense.
--- page 282 ---
Description of the Retention Holder 
The Investment Manager shall act as Retention Holder for the purposes of the Retention Require ments.  The 
address of the Retention Holder is 62 Buckingham Gate, London SW1E 6AJ, United Kingdom.   The Retention 
Holder anticipates that, as of the date of this Offering Circular and the Issue Date, it qualifies as an "originator" 
for the purposes of the Retention Requirements for this transaction. 
The Retention 
On the Issue Date, the Retention Holder, acting for its own account, will sign the Risk Retention Letter addressed 
to the Issuer, the Trustee (for the benefit of the Noteholders), the Collateral A dministrator and J.P. Morgan 
Securities plc in its capacity as Placement Agent. 
The Retention Holder will hold the Retention Notes in its capacity as originator for the purposes of the Retention 
Requirements.  
Under the Risk Retention Letter, the Retention Holder will for so long as any Class of Notes remains Outstanding: 
(a) undertake to subscribe for and retain, on an ongoing basis for so long as a Class  of Notes remains 
Outstanding, a material net economic interest in the Subordinated Notes with a Principal Amount 
Outstanding equal to not less than five (5)  per cent. of the Aggregate Collateral Balance in accordance 
with Article 6(3)(d) of the Securitisation Regulations as in effect on the Issue Date (the "Retention" and 
such Notes required to be held the "Retention Notes"); 
(b) agree that it and its Affiliates will not sell, hedge or otherwise mitigate its credit risk under or associated 
with the Retention or the underlying portfolio of Collateral Debt Obligations for so long as any such sale, 
hedge or mitigation is prohibited by the Retention Requirements; 
(c) subject to any overriding legal or regulatory requirements or constraints (including those relating to 
confidentiality), (x) take such further action, (y) provide such information (at the cost and expense of the 
party seeking such information) including confirmation of its compliance with paragraphs  (a) and (b) 
above, and (z) enter into such other agreements, as may reasonably be required to satisfy the Retention 
Requirements as of: (i) the Issue Date; and (ii) solely  as regards the provision of information in the 
possession of the Retention Holder, at any time prior to the maturity of the Notes;  
(d) agree to confirm its continued compliance with the covenants set out at paragraphs  (a) and (b) above on 
a monthly basis to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator and the Placeme nt Agent in 
writing (which may be by way of email);
